Overview

    Imp is a little scripting language I'm building for fun. It 
    is dynamic, prototype-based, duck-typed, and excessively
    parenthesized.

    The word "imp" is defined as "a mischievous child" and 
    doubles as the acronym: I Make Programs. Please write code
    with that in mind. Mess with language internals; don't
    worry about breaking things. Avoid hyper-focusing on 
    "idioms" or "best practices". Instead, just think like a
    child and play around. Be curious. Experiment.

    For serious stuff, you should probably use a more mature
    language like Go or Python. Though functional, Imp is still
    rough around the edges (and slow).

      >  (print 'Hello, world!')




Tutorial

                        Grouping Operators

    Above, parentheses activate the printer object with a
    single argument. Resulting is an instance of software's
    greatest cliché.

    The following produces identical output:

      >  (print [{(return 'Hello, world')}])

    This is because, in imp, parentheses are function calls;
    curly braces define code blocks; and hard brackets expand
    macros. The macro expands to 'Hello, world', and thus we
    have (print 'Hello, world').

    Take note of the similarity between function calls and
    macro expansions. Each requires one activate-able object
    and may accept arbitrary arguments. Accordingly, activate-
    able objects can be used for either purpose. There is no
    difference in semantics between macro code and function
    code, as there is in C.



                         The Object System

    Imp is dynamic and duck-typed (meaning that there are no
    compile-time distinctions between object types, and that,
    instead, objects are permitted wherever they are capable of
    going). So, essentially, there exists only one type: the
    object, which contains arbitrary fields that are themselves 
    nested objects (except in the case of built-in).

    Object fields are accessible via the colon operator and can
    be managed with the built-in 'def', 'set', and 'rem'
    functions.

      >  (def a 2)
      >  (set a 3)
      >  (rem a)

      >  (def myObject:mySlot 'hello')
      >  (rem myObject)

    Exceptions are thrown when code attempts to access fields
    and methods that do not exist. For example:

      >  (def myObject ($))           # Create new object.
      >  (myObject:nonExistentMethod) # Error!

    Methods are defined and called as follows:

      >  (def myObject ($))
      >  (def myObject:vocabulary 'hi')
      >  (def myObject:speak {
            (print self:vocabulary)
         })
      >  (myObject:speak)

    The 'self' variable is injected into block scope. Likewise
    is the 'arguments' variable, a vector of arbitrary length.

    


UNFINISHED



                 Special and Internal Slots

    Where many languages have reserved keywords, imp has a
    reserved keyword space, which comes in two parts.

    Anything prefixed with a single underscore is considered
    'special' and should be handled with care. The _collect
    method, for example, is activated upon garbage collection. 
    _mark is activated
    

     . _mark is activated during
    the mark phase of mark & sweep collection

    _mark, and _prototype are each


    slots with 


     said space is graduated
    Underscore-prefixed names mark slots that are of special 
    importance. 



    Some may be accessed by the imp runtime behind the scenes. 
    interpreter for special tasks, such as garbage collection and
    function activation. _collect, for example, calls 






Object Activation

    The process of object activation, whether in a function call
    or macro expansion, is as follows:

      1. If object has an '_activate' field of built-in type 
         closure, said closure is executed in the object's scope
         and with its arguments.

      2. If object has an '__activate' (double underscore)
         internal field, it is assumed that this field points to
         a C function, which is executed with the arguments: (1)
         runtime, (2) context, (3) calling object, (4) argc, and
         (5) argv.

      3. An error is thrown. Object cannot be activated.
 






